Change to correct Accept header (#2)
cooperlees/peps: pep-9999.rst

Specifying HTML is also allowed so clients can be explicit to backends (e.g if we
switch to JSON default in the future):

  ``Accept: application/vnd.pypi.simple.v1+html``

Using ``text/html`` will also work, which will serve the latest API version. To
be explicit, clients should use specific HTML ``Accept``.  If no
``Accept`` is specified, the latest HTTP version will be returned unless
the backend *only* supports JSON. Backends may default to returning JSON in the
future.

> The ``Accept:`` header also allows you to say that you prefer the the v1 simple json API,
> if that's not available then you prefer the v1 html api, and if that's not available,
> just text/html. To do this would look like:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The ``Accept:`` header also allows you to say that you prefer the the V1 Simple JSON API,
if that's not available then you prefer the V1 HTML API, and if that's not available,
just ``text/html``. To do this would look like:
```

  ``Accept: application/vnd.pypi.simple.v1+json, application/vnd.pypi.simple.v1+html, text/html``

Versioning
----------

Versioning will adhere to :pep:`629` format (``Major.Minor``) and will be

> included in the ``Accept`` request that clients add to obtain a JSON

Reviewer 2: I'm not sure what to do about this section. The terminology is a little weird.

A HTTP request or response body can have a ``Content-Type`` that defines how to interpret that body. In addition, a HTTP request can have an ``Accept`` header that lists one or more content type (or wild cards) that let a client ask for specific content types.

So maybe something like

```suggestion
included in the content types that the Simple API supports for a
```

However, I kind of struggle to think how this would ever really be useful, and certainly any major use of it would drastically increase the number of unique cached responses we can have. I'm really inclined to say that we only need or should support major versions in our content types. If we want to do minor versions I think that should be a later addition within the response itself.
